# WordGame4
my completed wordgame where you can add words to file/game, view score, and play game. It has two menu's one at the beginning of the game where you select Start Game, Add Word, View scores, and exit. The other menu is for add word portion of the main menu but this menu has add word, show added words, and exit to main menu. The Data file gets the information from the file by creating an arraylist String for the userinfo file, loads the data from the game into the file, counts the number of entries, creates a string of 100 entries with a global varible to store the data so all classes can get the data, it also puts the userinfo data into the global array seperating it by a space. Sets the information into the userinfo file into the global array into columns and rows.  The user controller adds new users by matching the password with the username and matches the username with the password the user has entered which remembers their score then creates new users if they are not in the userinfo file.  Keeps track of the index of your scores so you can set scores and add them together later then returns usernames to the game controller. Set the scores by using the global array with the index of the users score and calls set the info to the file when you have completed the adding of users score. Get scores from the global array for userinfo by going through the number of entries then returns scores. The wordgame where they announce who is playing then creating a wordlist string to get a random word. Reads the words file with the words into the array of strings then selects a random number(refering to words in the document) in that array range. Select the word from the array then each letter will be made into dashes. prints out word that you are guessing in game for testing. 
